Samu!
Aran!
A block that's not scary isn't actually a block.
This guy's way scarier than Four-eyes over there.
Haikyuu Haikyuu Haikyuu Haikyuu Haikyuu Haikyuu
Haikyuu !
!
Haikyuu
We're not gonna quit now, we're not stopping here, we're not giving up
We're in the direst of straits We understand all that
But we're not quitting now, we're not stopping, we're not giving up
'Cause if we give up now It'll all be over
If we don't step up to the challenge, we'll never get a taste
Of the most exhilarating time of our lives
There's always been something we've lacked, something missing
Haven't you also hungered for it?
So we'll be coming at them fair and square
We're gonna play out this reality, all the sweet and all the sour
We wanna come straight at you with the greatest of finesse
We're torn toward that delight because that seems like the most fun
So there's no way we're giving up now
Not until we've tasted it all and are left grinning
So let's start smiling
Episode Twenty-one: Hero Episode Twenty-one: Hero
Episode Twenty-one: Hero Aran!
Got it!
I didn't hit it very hard.
Time to score!
The ball is back in Inarizaki's court!
Look! Inarizaki's number ten is going for it!
You've got this, Karasuno full-of-holes blocker guy!
This is Suna Rintarou's fast attack.
How can he keep his upper body that still?
I mean, even if we fully understand what's going on here, it's going to be totally different during the match.
Man, nationals is scary.
When a spike is about to happen, it's not just a one-on-one with the spiker and blocker.
Even with two blockers, it's not one-on-two.
It's always one-on-six.
There's always a way to fight.
I guess you don't need to hear that.
I'm always going to try to stop it, of course.
But it's not like I'm going to be able to suddenly beat a middle blocker that's been to nationals.
But if it's one-on-six...
Yeah.
The idea that the only good block is a kill block is outdated.
Yes!
Inarizaki Karasuno
It's probably a good thing they didn't get frantic.
If they'd rushed after the ball, he would've probably used that against them.
It's not like they can block his entire range.
If they ever tried to fully stop him one-on-one, they'd be playing into his hands.
And even though I understand all of this, I know I'd get impatient and go for the block.
I'm sure I could at least stop some.
But with Tsukki,
I think he's using the first two sets to tell the guys in the back row,
"This is Suna Rintarou's cross-body spike."
Volleyball's a sport where you know you're gonna get scored on.
It's impossible to ever have a shutout.
There's no way to defeat any attack.
But when it comes to Suna's cross-body spike,
the more he decides to use it, the more Tsukki and Karasuno have an advantage.
Are you telling me he's only been blocking my cross-court spikes on purpose?
Hey, thanks for letting me get a clean hit in every time.
And thank you for hitting exactly how I expected you would every single time.
So it was deliberate!
He has to be the least assertive middle blocker I've ever seen.
Is he a robot?
I guess it's no shock that Karasuno has more than surprise attacks.
Things sure are getting interesting.
Kinoshita.
Kinoshita!
Go score ten points!
This is my last chance in this match.
Good luck.
Get a nice serve in, Kinoshita!
This is my 28th mental service ace.
I'm pretty sure Kinoshita didn't hear that.
He's not hearing the other team, nor is he hearing us.
All of his attention is on the ball, the tape, and where he's aiming!
We don't need the memories We don't need the memories
Yes!
Nice spike!
After seeing those insane first-years, I got super excited.
But I also realized they were completely different beings than me.
Even so, Yamaguchi worked his way up to being a hero.
So did Tanaka.
Ennoshita got subbed in at some critical moments and did his job.
As did Narita.
Even if I could never be like Nishinoya or Kageyama,
I thought I could have an epic moment out on the court.
Even if it was just for a second, I thought I could be a hero.
I guess I was wrong, though.
Sorry about that.
Kinoshita, that was a great serve!
You hit it in a good spot.
Hey!
You'll have more chances to kill it out there.
Today's not your last shot!
R-Right.
It might be the third-years' last shot, though.
And yet, I haven't done a damn thing.
Yeah!
Inarizaki Karasuno
Kageyama, give us a good serve!
It barely goes over!
Kageyama Tobio's something else!
They're really going on the offensive now.
This ain't good.
Yeah! Yes!
Two more rotations and Miya Atsumu will be serving again.
Make sure you get in whatever you can right now!
Fly Fly
So when I was really little, I was a big scaredy-cat.
I'm not sure exactly, but I think it lasted until I started grade school.
I was scared of bugs.
I was scared of birds.
I was scared of tricycles.
I was scared of ghosts.
I think I was pretty shy too.
So, uh...
Are you talking about a previous life?
I told you, this is when I was a kid!
But my gramps was pretty intense when it came to discipline, so I got over it pretty fast.
Oh yeah! Your gramps is pretty intense!
Hello!
Th-Thanks for having me over.
I met him twice, and he had a different hottie with him each time.
It's rare for Nishinoya to be this talkative during a match.
Is it because he's nervous?
When Miya Atsumu served,
my feet were glued to the ground, but it sorta felt nostalgic.
The fact that I felt scared, I mean.
It's amazing that you can actually admit you're scared.
What does he mean, that feeling scared was nostalgic?
Who knows?
It's not like us plebs would understand.
But my gramps would always say...
that it's a waste of time to be scared.
Inarizaki Karasuno
Looks like that bastard's back.
It's good. Eat it.
Acknowledging that you actually dislike something that you thought you disliked.
Don't go in from above!
And stop staring at the pup's eyes!
There's always a reason for hostility.
My feet won't reach!
If you can get on a bicycle, see how far you can go.
It's such a waste to pass up the opportunity to learn something new.
But what if...
you're really scared?
Well, what else?
Have someone help you!
Bring it on!
I'm gonna knock off... those tiny hands of yours!
You know, Nishinoya...
I'm pretty sure you could get by with just underhand receives instead of forcing yourself to do overhand ones.
I mean, I'd like to just do underhand receives, and I thought I could pull that off.
But there are people better than me.
It's no fun if you don't try other options once you know they exist.
Nishinoya!
Move up!
Nice receive!
Yeah!
Yes!
Nice spike!
Yes...
Yes!
Inarizaki Karasuno
Karasuno managed to limit Miya Atsumu to one serve!
Yeah!
Haikyuu!!
Former Japan National Team Setter Mr. Inuhata Masahiko
Mr. Inuhata Masahiko Junior Volleyball Classes
Junior Volleyball Classes Junior Volleyball Classes
He's huge.
He sure is.
Apparently his name is Aran, and he's in fifth grade.
Man, how cool.
I'm jealous.
He's got a foreign name!
Seriously?
Maybe I'll change my name.
I'm pretty sure if you just change your name, Grams is gonna be sad.
Yeah... Morons.
Samu... Osamu, so Samu!
Then I guess you'll be Tsumu.
Nah, Tsumu is weird, dude.
Man, that's just too cool!
How's that?!
Heya, I'm Inuhata.
I'm so happy y'all showed up today.
The Miya Twins.
I knew them before they got so famous.
Aw, he's a setter? Too bad he's not a spiker.
Dang, they're rude.
Hey, you think Giba would show up?
Like hell, moron.
You're so stupid, Tsumu.
Setter's the super-cool position only the best players play.
So you wanna play setter, Samu?
No, I wanna spike.
What was your point, then?
Hey, nice spike. Pretty impressive.
Dude! I hit it, like, perfectly!
Yeah!
Don't be scared. Come on over!
I'll help you get the ball over.
Yeah, nice one!
I'll help you.
Setters...
are pretty cool!
Hey!
It's Aran.
Heya.
Hey, twins.
I'd say the twins were powerful rather than skilled, and they were super competitive.
If I had to choose, Osamu was a bit better than Atsumu,
which meant that Atsumu was always challenging Osamu.
Osamu, try playing setter.
Only the best players get to be the setter, so we all saw this comin'.
Osamu and Atsumu both hated losing.
But it seemed like Atsumu had something that went beyond just hating to lose.
Uh, so, we're gonna have Atsumu be the setter today.
Did you know, Tsumu?
The more positions you play, the better you get.
Shut your mouth and at least be jealous, stupid Samu!
Atsumu kept getting better at setting every time I saw him.
And when he was paired with Osamu, they were perfect.
Eventually, people started fearing the Miya Twins.
Yako Yako I was really on my game today.
The way the ball felt settling on my fingers and when it left my hands was perfect.
I could totally see what their blockers were doing too.
Did you guys have a problem with my sets?
No... not really.
So why couldn't you score any points?
The hell's his problem?!
Well, he's really good. Can you blame him?
He's just an arrogant jerk!
Well, we do win when they're both on their game.
Just deal with it.
Tsumu, the other guys don't like you.
So?
I made up my mind that I'm never going to be like you.
I'm going to be a nice guy.
What are you even talking about?
I've known the twins ever since I was little,
but sometimes, Atsumu scared me.
It's exhausting when even your teammates hate you.
Inarizaki High School
Osamu, you were off your game today.
Well, we all have our off days.
Don't worry about it.
We all suck!
And that's exactly why we practice!
Talk about passionate.
You useless piece of trash.
Any piece of trash that can't score with those sets...
should get the hell off the court.
Atsumu! You don't need to say it like that!
Osamu already feels bad enough!
Why, you... Abusive, tyrannical pig!
You may be on your game, but there are days when we aren't!
If I'm off my game, that's just what that means, you stupid ass!
H-Hey, you two.
Stop! You're gonna get hurt!
They don't hold back.
Does Wittle Atsumu never make a mistake?!
What's wrong with calling a piece of trash a piece of a trash?!
Look in the mirror sometime, dumbass!
Hey, the Miya Twins are fighting.
A volleyball team classic! The twins are fighting!
Let's bet our lunches on who's gonna win!
Wanna play Pro Evo Soccer?
Yeah.
Slow down, you stupid twins!
The biggest blessing that Atsumu has isn't his physique or his various talents.
It's actually Osamu.
No matter how fast they run, if no one else can catch up, they'll always catch up with each other.
I'm sure that can be annoying sometimes.
Come back here, you scrub!
The more they compete with each other, the better they'll get.
Good job getting picked for the All-Japan Youth Camp, Tsumu.
Be more frustrated, Samu!
I am, dumbass.
I'm frustrated at the fact that I'm not more frustrated.
You've been working hard.
What the hell?!
You'd better not be implying that you aren't!
I'm pretty sure I am.
But I think they just wanted to pick someone who's a bit crazy.
What?!
Our skill is equal.
No, I'm better than you!
Hear me out, damn it.
It's just...
you love volleyball a smidge more than I do, Tsumu.
Inarizaki Karasuno
It's not dropping!
Help!
Time to score!
Fly Fly
Damn it, it's low!
Sorry! Someone get it!
We don't need the memories We don't need the memories
I wonder how many people in the crowd actually noticed just how amazing that set was.
Typically in that situation, you'd do an underhand set high and to the left.
Nice!
So this is an All-Japan Youth Camp setter's skill.
Inarizaki Karasuno
I'm always amazed you can pull off that set.
You could just go underhand.
Well, it's a setter's job to set.
I have to set the ball to the best spot.
And?
Underhanded, it would've been two arms.
But overhanded, I've got ten fingers.
I went with the higher number for better support.
Because I'm a setter!
That's Miya Atsumu for you.
He may be easily flattered, as well as determined and aggressive,
but he's more considerate and dedicated to his spikers than anyone else.
He's the ideal setter.
Oh?
But I can't pull that off.
I couldn't get under a ball that low, especially that fast.
I don't have the speed or muscle to stabilize my body under the ball,
or the skills or technique to pull off a perfect set from there.
Maybe don't go into such detail about something you can't do.
Yeah...
I'm glad I came here too.
The only thing I'm sure of is that the day will come when I finally get it
It doesn't matter if I make some mistakes along the way as long as I hold onto these feelings
In my dreams I wanted to throw off the yoke of gravity and reality
But the day in day out of bringing it all together had me grounded
The boy who acted all tough like he wasn't scared of anything
Still hasn't been torn away from the sweat of fierce competition
But he's not just hoping for miracles anymore
We can go anywhere we want to because one day our dream will come true
It was no mere coincidence that we made it this far
Every time we're forced from the stage I always wanna get right back on it
And I can hold onto that strong desire because you were there
Episode Twenty-two: Pitons Episode Twenty-two: Pitons
Episode Twenty-two: Pitons Next time: "Pitons."